# **exportmaps**
A DFHack plugin for exporting world maps while in game.

## What do it does?
It exports all the legends mode world maps while in game. There's no need to enter Legends mode.
The following maps can be generated:
* Elevations including lake and ocean floors
* Elevation respecting water level
* Biome
* Hydrosphere
* Temperature
* Rainfall
* Drainage
* Savagery
* Volcanism
* Current Vegetation
* Evil
* Salinity
* Structures/fields/roads/etc
* Trade
* Nobility/holdings
* Diplomacy

Only enhanced biome map is not generated, as I consider it confusing.

## Is it fast?
Very,very fast. Exportmaps uses a thread for each map to be generated, so it uses all the cores of your computer for generating the maps.
In contrast, DF only allows you to generate one map each time.

## But there's already a exportlegends script, isn't?
Yes. You can use `exportlegends maps` to generate the maps, but:

* You need to exit your game and enter legends mode
* It only simulates the keypresses needed to tell DF to generate the map. You're single core again.

## Are the exported maps identical to the ones generated by DF?
Yes. The only difference is that the exported map are generated in .PNG format instead of .BMP

## How do I use it?
For the impatient, load a game and type in the DFHack console:

`exportmaps -all`

This will generate all the maps and write them to disk. This is the prefered way to do it as it's more efficient.

If you want to generate only a specific map, you can provide a command line option:

`exportmaps -biome`


will generate only the biome map. You can also chain options, so

`exportmaps -biome -vegetation`

will generate the biome and the vegetation maps.